Add global SUPPORT.md tab (#2)
wiremock/.github: SUPPORT.md

# WireMock Support

WireMock is an open source project.
In accordance with the [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/wiremock/wiremock/blob/master/LICENSE.txt),
in general there is no support or guarantees provided for it.
At the same time, you can get some assistance through WireMock community channels,
and contribute to helping other users too.
There are also vendors that provide commercial support for WireMock.

## WireMock Community

If you’re looking for help or advice,

> you can find a community of users and contributors on the WireMock community Slack or mailing list.

Author: ```suggestion
you can find a community of users and contributors on the WireMock community Slack channels.
```

Stack Overflow also has many good WireMock questions and answers.

Note that all the community channels are maintained without a Service Level Agreement (SLA).
All responses are provided by community members, and it is a best effort.
Every community member is welcome 

- [WireMock Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/wiremock-community/shared_invite/zt-1mkbo0zlx-gxeZdTJ15Kchdt888Fn_1A),
in particular the `#setup` and `#general` channels.

> - [User Mailing List](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/wiremock-user)

Author: ```suggestion
```
